refactor: physical layout consistency (#2595)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/hardware-integration/physical-layouts.md

- A [matrix transform](../../config/layout.md#matrix-transform)
- (Optional) [Physical key positions](#physical-layout-positions)

By convention, physical layouts and any [position maps](#position-map) are defined in a separate file called `<your keyboard>-layouts.dtsi`.
This file should then be imported by the appropriate file, such as an `.overlay`, `.dts`, or a `.dtsi` (the last of which is itself imported by one of the previous).

## Basic Physical Layout

A bare physical layout without the `keys` property looks like this:

```dts title="<your keyboard>-layouts.dtsi"
/ {
    physical_layout0: physical_layout_0 {
        compatible = "zmk,physical-layout";
        display-name = "Default Layout";
    };
};
```

Every physical layout needs a matrix transform, and optionally can also have a kscan. By convention, these are assigned to the physical layout in the file where the matrix transform and kscan are defined:

```dts title="<your keyboard>.dts | <your keyboard>.dtsi | <your keyboard>.overlay"
&physical_layout0 {
    kscan = <&kscan0>;
    transform = <&matrix_transform0>;
};
```

> The `kscan` property only needs to be assigned if some of your physical layouts use different kscans. Otherwise, it can be omitted and the `kscan` should be assigned in the [`chosen` node](./new-shield.mdx#chosen-node) instead. See the [configuration section on physical layouts](../../config/index.md) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kscan` property only needs to be assigned if some of your physical layouts use different kscans. Otherwise, it can be omitted and the `kscan` can be assigned in the [`chosen` node](./new-shield.mdx#chosen-node) instead. See the [configuration section on physical layouts](../../config/layout.md#physical-layout) for reference.
```

"should -> can" is better since we aren't explicitly encouraging it, are we?

In any case, the link should be fixed
